# WELCOME TO FIDU VAULT + CHAT LAB

Thank you for downloading this FIDU Vault development build! This guide will get you up and running with all 3 included apps:
- FIDU Vault
- FIDU Chat Lab
- FIDU Chat Grabber


## Quick Start

### Vault + Chat Lab

- Both these apps are in the "FIDU_Vault" executable file in the same folder as this file. To run:

LINUX:
    - **Easy Start**: Double-click the `run_fidu.sh` script to start FIDU in a new terminal window (or right click and choose `Run as program` on some Linux systems)
    - **Manual Start**: Run `./FIDU_Vault` directly from the terminal

MACOS + WINDOWS:
    - Double click the FIDU_Vault application. This should open a terminal window to start  the process, and after a second will open a browser. 


- From here, you're good to go. Log in with your FIDU account, or register for one if you don't already have one. 

- You'll be able to find the Chat Lab under the Apps tab on the FIDU Vault dashboard. If you are prompted to log in again, it's the same FIDU account as before. 

- To stop FIDU Vault from running, use ctrl + c in the terminal window it's running in, or just close the window. 

Note: due to frequent alpha releases coming out, we will be using this temporary running solution for a while before we move to something more user friendly and stable. 

### Chat Grabber Chrome Extension

The chat grabber is a chrome extension that captures conversations with other chat bots, and saves them to FIDU Vault so they can be loaded into the FIDU Chat-Lab. 

As this extension is will a work in progress and has not been signed and published on the chrome extension store yet, the installation is quite manual:

1. Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions/`
2. Enable "Developer mode"
3. Click "Load unpacked" and select the directory `fidu-chat-grabber` found in this directory along side this document. 
4. The extension icon should appear in your browser toolbar
5. By clicking on the extensions icon in your browser toolbar, then on Chat Grabber, it'll open a pop-up with some settings. If you are not logged in automatically, then log in with your FIDU account when prompted. 
6. Going to any of the supported chat bot sites (Gemini, ChatGPT, Perplexity, Poe, Claude) should display some extra buttons in the bottom right indicating that the Chat grabber is running and ready to save your conversations to FIDU Vault. 


## What can I do? 

### FIDU Vault 

This dashboard shows informaation related to the core FIDU Vault program, which will be where any personal data you generate will be stored. 

You can use the Data Packets page to view the raw data (currently only generated by the Chat-Lab or Chat-Grabber programs)

The API Keys page allows you to add your existing API Keys for AI models if you have them, which will then be used by the Chat Lab, allowing you to access the chat services without a paid FIDU account. 

The Profiles tab allows you to manage your account profiles. All data is stored per profile, so you can use these to keep things separated in each app you use. Each app will allow you to pick a profile to save data to. 

### Chat Lab

The FIDU Chat Lab is a webapp designed to allow advanced AI model interactions. You may use the prompt lab to construct prompts to send to a range of models, inclduing various system prompts (extra instructions) for the models that
cater for a wide range of situations. Conversations you have can be added to a "Context", which is essentially an ongoing memory for the models which you can load into any conversation with any model, giving said model an immediate 
history related to the topic your context focuses on. 

Conversations from the Chat-Lab, or those saved from the Chat-Grabber extension from other AI chat sites can be viewed in the Conversations tab, and any of them can be loaded into the prompt lab to continue that conversation with 
any available model (regardless of what model the original conversation was with). 

Note that unless you are providing your own model API keys in the FIDU Vault API Keys page, then a paid FIDU membership is required to interact with the models. 
